---
layout: post
title:  "Moving to the PNW and why"
date:   2022-06-25 18:17:16 -0600
categories: the-great-outdoors
---

I'll start with when I first visited in March of 2022. I had honestly never considered moving out to the PNW, but I was curious about moving out of Alabama. 
I just wanted to live somewhere that would naturally encourage me to push myself. For me, Alabama only ever encouraged me to be comfortable and settle.. which I was not ready for. After
going from sweeping floors at a bodyshop to graduating college with two STEM degrees, I wanted to see how far I could go.

So, what next? My good friend and life mentor from Oregon spent years trying to convience me to come visit him and wife. As soon as I saw a window where I could, I booked a ticket to Portland.. little
did I know that my life would never be the same. Flying into Oregon was absolutely amazing. I had never seen snow capped mountains, the Rockies, or the Great Plains.. and flying over these
sights just gave me a small glimpse of how beautiful our country is. Anyways, so I got off the plane and met up with Terry at the airport. My first thought was, "damn, these people really love beer here". Seriously though, I had never seen so many breweries (or strip clubs). My friend wanted to show off the beauty of Oregon, but this was March.. it rained most of my trip but that 
didn't stop him from taking me to Mount Hood. 

It was overcast, so I wasn't able to see the summit.. but I was captivated. I was wearing a 100% cotton shirt, jeans, and tennis shoes.. but I didn't care. I walked in the snow with pride.
I had never seen something so beautiful. We headed over to the Timberline Lodge to grab some grub, which was absolutely amazing. It was cold, windy and not too pleasant outside so we decided to cut
the trip short and head out.. on the way to the truck, I looked back and caught a glimpse of the summit for a few seconds as the clouds rolled across mountain. That was the moment I realized that I wanted
to climb. I didn't know the first thing about mountaineering, but it was as if the mountain was calling my name. 

On the ride home, my head was hung down.. looking at my phone. I was researching Mount Hood's history and the climbing community in the PNW. That's all I could think about. It was then when I realized
what my next step was.. I just had to figure out the logistics. Just two months later, I had given away most of my belongings, packed up my belongings and signed a lease in Vancouver, Washington. 

I didn't realize how much I needed mountains.. 

More to come in my next blog about my experience with climbing trails along the Columbia River Gorge, Mount Saint Helens, and Mount Hood.